#1

My name is Tegyalwar Himanshu and I am from India. I am a student at JSPM's Rajarshi Shahu College of Engineering located in Pune. I am currently pursuing a four-year Bachelor of Technology Degree. I am applying Coursera financial aid to learn a new skill called Django. During "Coursera for campus" initiative by Coursera, I have took in Python from "Python For Everybody" specialization by "Charles Severance". And now I want to learn a python web framework called Django which is taught by "Charles Severance" in "Django for everybody". But being a student I do not have earnings and as I belong to lower-middle class family, I cannot afford to pay for this Course. This financial aid can help me in building a successful career in the future. I also plan to complete all the assignments on or before time without any delay as I have done in previous courses and specializations.

#2

I am an Information Technology(IT) student at JSPM's Rajarshi Shahu College of Engineering and I want to enhance my skills and add new skills to my skillset. Currently I am focusing on strengthening my web development skills. I want to start my career as a web developer and in order to be that I need to learn the relevant skills which are must to be in my arsenal to excel myself. And this program provides me that content which will help me to achieve my career goals. Completing this course will boost my self-confidence, knowing that I not only completed a very important task but also took the responsibility of creating a foundation for getting me closer to my learning goals and career goals, which enhance my skills. Courses on Coursera helped me to greatly increase my programming knowledge in the past. I assure you that I will complete all the assignments on or before time, as I have done in previous courses and specializations.

#3

As mentioned earlier, I belong to a low-class family and being a student I can not afford to pay for the course. This financial aid can help me in building a successful career in the future.